extensions: run azure blobstore integration tests against a local docker container (#389)
eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector: extensions/azure/azure-test/README.md

# Azure Test

> To run Azure Blob Integration tests you need to run an instance of Azurine locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Azure Blob Integration tests you need to run an instance of [Azurite](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azurite) locally:
```

typo
